## WTF is an NFT?
NFTs (or “non-fungible tokens”) are a special kind of cryptoasset in which each token is unique, no one NFT is the exact same as another. Because every NFT is unique, they vary in rarity, and because they are on the Blockchain, they can be authenticated and used as authenticated memberships into communities. Non-fungible” more or less means that it’s unique and can’t be replaced with something else. For example, a bitcoin is fungible — trade one for another bitcoin, and you’ll have exactly the same thing. A one-of-a-kind trading card, however, is non-fungible. If you traded it for a different card, you’d have something completely different. Each NFT is stored on an open blockchain (often Ethereum’s) and anyone interested can track them as they’re created, sold, and resold. Because they use smart contract technology, NFTs can be set up so that the original artist continues to earn a percentage of all subsequent sales. Most non-fungible tokens are built using the ERC-721 and ERC-1155 standards, which allow creators to issue unique cryptoassets via smart contract. Because each NFT is stored on a blockchain, there is an immutable record starting with the token’s creation and including every sale.


## WTF is an NFT Minting Website?
There are many exchanges or NFT marketplaces where users can buy and sell NFTs that they have purchased. However, before these NFTs can be bought or sold on a secondary exchange, they must be minted on the blockchain. This is where NFT minting websites come in. A minting website is where an NFT project can launch their collection, and offer users the ability to mint a unique NFT straight from the collection and the creators, rather than buying it second-hand on a marketplace after the minting has taken place. When it comes to any NFT project, your website is one of the most important pieces to ensure that you'll have a successful project. Sure, you can have an amazing community, but if your passionate followers go to your website to buy during your drop and they have a terrible experience, they aren't going to buy! So, the minting website is incredibly crucial for a successful project, and I mean c'mon, some of these projects have absolutely mind-blowing website designs (see Degen Ape Academy for instance). 

The NFT minting website typially has a button for the user to connect their wallet, and then a minting button, where the user clicks it and it triggers the minting function in the smart contract, requests the transaction on the blockchain, which the user approves, and then the NFT gets minted the user's wallet! The minting website plays a crucial part in the project, and is directly linked to the project's smart contract. 